[storage] added change feed (#9151)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-blob-changefeed/README.md

# Azure Storage Blob Change Feed client library for JavaScript

> Server Version: 2019-12-12

> The purpose of the change feed is to provide transaction logs of all the changes that occur to the blobs and the blob metadata in your storage account. The change feed provides ordered, guaranteed, durable, immutable, read-only log of these changes. Client applications can read these logs at any time. The change feed enables you to build efficient and scalable solutions that process change events that occur in your Blob Storage account at a low cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change feed provides an ordered, guaranteed, durable, immutable, read-only transaction log of all the changes that occur to blobs and blob metadata in your storage account. Client applications can read these logs at any time. The change feed enables you to build efficient and scalable solutions that process change events that occur in your Blob Storage account at a low cost.
```

    `https://${account}.blob.core.windows.net`,
    sharedKeyCredential
  );

  const changeFeedClient = new BlobChangeFeedClient(blobServiceClient);
  ```

### Reading all events in the Change Feed

Use `BlobChangeFeedClient.getChanges()` to get iterators to iterate through the change events.

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
for await (const event of changeFeedClient.getChanges()) {
    changeFeedEvents.push(event);
}
```

By page.

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
for await (const eventPage of changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage()) {
    for (const event of eventPage) {
        changeFeedEvents.push(event);
    }
}
```

### Resuming reading events with a cursor

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
const firstPage = await changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage({maxPageSize: 10}).next();
for (const event of firstPage) {
    changeFeedEvents.push(event);
}

> // Resume iterating from the pervious position with the continuationToken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Resume iterating from the previous position with the continuationToken.
```

for await (const eventPage of changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage({continuationToken: firstPage.continuationToken})) {
    for (const event of eventPage) {
        changeFeedEvents.push(event);
    }
}
```

### Reading events within a time range

Pass start time and end time to `BlobChangeFeedClient.getChanges()` to fetch events within a time range.

Note that for this preview release, the change feed client will round start time down to the nearest hour, and round end time up to the next hour.

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

> const start = new Date(Date.UTC(2020, 1, 21, 22, 30, 0)); // will be floor to 22:00

Reviewer: I don't understand the "floor to"/"ciel to" comments, could this be clarified some?

Author: floor to: rounded down to the nearest hour
ceil to: rounded up to the nearest hour

This project provides a client library in JavaScript that makes it easy to consume the change feed.

Use the client libararies in this package to:
  - Reading change feed events, all or within a time range
  - Resuming reading events from a saved position

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob-changefeed) |
[Package (npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/storage-blob-changefeed/) |
[API Reference Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/storage-blob-changefeed) |
[Product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-change-feed) |
[Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob-changefeed/samples) |

## Getting started

**Prerequisites**: You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) and a [Storage Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-portal) to use this package. If you are using this package in a Node.js application, then Node.js version 8.0.0 or higher is required.

### Install the package

> The preferred way to install the Azure Storage Blob client library for JavaScript is to use the npm package manager. Type the following into a terminal window:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The preferred way to install the Azure Storage Blob Change Feed client library for JavaScript is to use the npm package manager. Type the following into a terminal window:
```

```bash
npm install @azure/storage-blob-changefeed
```

### Authenticate the client

> This library use a `BlobServiceClient` to initialize, refer to [storage-blob](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob#authenticate-the-client) for how to authenticate a `BlobServiceClient`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This library uses an authenticated `BlobServiceClient` to initialize. Refer to [storage-blob](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob#authenticate-the-client) for how to authenticate a `BlobServiceClient`.
```

### Compatibility

For this perview, this library is only compatible with Node.js.

> ### CORS

Reviewer 2: nit: since we don't support browsers yet, maybe only add CORS section when the support is added?

Author: done

for await (const event of changeFeedClient.getChanges()) {
    changeFeedEvents.push(event);
}
```

By page.

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
for await (const eventPage of changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage()) {
    for (const event of eventPage) {
        changeFeedEvents.push(event);
    }
}
```

### Resuming reading events with a cursor

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
const firstPage = await changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage({maxPageSize: 10}).next();
for (const event of firstPage) {
    changeFeedEvents.push(event);
}

// Resume iterating from the pervious position with the continuationToken.
for await (const eventPage of changeFeedClient.getChanges().byPage({continuationToken: firstPage.continuationToken})) {
    for (const event of eventPage) {
        changeFeedEvents.push(event);
    }
}
```

### Reading events within a time range

Pass start time and end time to `BlobChangeFeedClient.getChanges()` to fetch events within a time range.

> Note that for preview release, the change feed client will round start time down to the nearest hour, and round endTime up to the next hour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that for preview release, the change feed client will round start time down to the nearest hour, and round end time up to the next hour.
```

```javascript
const { BlobChangeFeedEvent } = require("@azure/storage-blob-changefeed");

const start = new Date(Date.UTC(2020, 1, 21, 22, 30, 0)); // will be floor to 22:00
const end = new Date(Date.UTC(2020, 4, 8, 21, 10, 0)); // will be ceil to 22:00

let changeFeedEvents : BlobChangeFeedEvent[] = [];
// You can also provide just a start or end time.
for await (const event of changeFeedClient.getChanges({ start, end })) {
    changeFeedEvents.push(event);
}
```

## Troubleshooting

Enabling logging may help uncover useful information about failures. In order to see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`. Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```javascript
import { setLogLevel } from "@azure/logger";

setLogLevel("info");
```

## Next steps

More code samples:

> - [Blob Storage Samples (JavaScript)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob-changefeed/samples/javascript)

Reviewer 2: nit: Blob Change Feed Samples
